2/17 Astro + CLI release notes (#387)
astronomer/docs: cloud/cli-release-notes.md

If you have any questions or a bug to report, don't hesitate to reach out to us via Slack or Intercom. We're here to help.

## v1.1.0

Release date: February 17, 2022

> ### Restart Local Airflow Environments with `astrocloud dev restart`
> 
> If you want to quickly rebuild your Astro project or retest your project in a local Airflow environment, you can now run `astro dev restart`. This command is equivalent to running `astrocloud dev stop` and `astrocloud dev start` together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### New `astrocloud dev restart` Command to Test Local Changes

If you want to quickly rebuild your Astro project or retest your project in a local Airflow environment, you can now run `astro dev restart`. This command is equivalent to running `astrocloud dev stop` and `astrocloud dev start` together.
```

> ### Full Support for Triggerers in Local Environments
> 
> You can now run a Triggerer in a local Airflow environment. This means that you can test DAGs that use [deferrable operators](deferrable-operators.md) locally before pushing them to a Deployment on Astronomer. Additionally, Triggerer logs appear alongside Webserver and Scheduler logs when you run `astrocloud dev logs`.
> 
> Note that the Triggerer can run only in environments running Astro Runtime 4.0.0+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Support for the Triggerer in a Local Environment

You can now run a Triggerer in a local Airflow environment. This means that you can test DAGs that use [deferrable operators](deferrable-operators.md) locally before pushing them to a Deployment on Astronomer. Additionally, Triggerer logs appear alongside Webserver and Scheduler logs when you run `astrocloud dev logs`.

Note that the Triggerer can run only in environments running Astro Runtime 4.0.0+.
```

### Additional improvements

> - `astrocloud dev logs` now shows logs for Triggers running in your local Airflow environment. Additionally, you can filter logs to see only Triggerer logs using `astro dev logs --triggerer`.

Reviewer 2: I would add that astro dev start will now start up a triggerer container
